# Automation-Synthesis_and_Implementation_in_vivado
## Introduction
This repository has been created to automate the entire process of synthesis and implementation on Vivado. Anyone can synthesize thousands of modules using this code and generate their power, delay, and utilization report.
## Content
1. Modules : This folder should contain the modules that you want to synthesize.
2. Script : This folder contains the scripts required to add files in vivado and to run the synthesis and implementation process.
3. Report : This folder has csv file which contains power, timing, and utilization report.
4. Python_Code: In this folder jyputer notebook is there which create different required folders, run the the tcl script and extract the content from the text files (generated by tcl) which we want to report.
## How To Use This Repository

If viavdo is not installed in your system then add below comands in bashrc
export PATH = opt/Xlix/Vivado/2018.2/bin:PATH
XLINXD_LICENSE_FILE = 2100@10.063.244
export XLINXD_LICENSE_FILE

1. Create Virtual Envirnment
Follow the Below Steps:
  a. install python in your system.
  b. In terminal : python3 -m venv ~/virtualenv (This is folder name and ~/ allow to create envirnment in home directory)
  c. pip install jupyterlab

2. Open Jupyter lab in working directory
  a. Open Terminal and activate the virtual environment.
  b. source ~/virtualenv/bin/activate
  c. jupyter lab

3. Run the jupyter lab.

## Output
1. output.csv file will generate in working directory. 
2. Running_status file will inform which module has been executed.
3. The Automation folder will be generated, containing a Vivado file.
  
 
  
